README.MD, before:

Small Stats API
====

In the given assignment we suggest you to process an automatically generated JSON file with some data and calculated some stats. Please ensure that you read, understand and follow instructions. 

Instructions
-----
1. Folk the this repository.
2. Clone.
3. Create a new branch called `<name>_true_dev`.
4. Create a pull request from your `true_dev` branch to the master branch.
5. Reply to the thread you're having with our HR department telling them we can start reviewing your code

Given
-----

Json data found in this repo.

Functional Requirements
------

1. Count the number of unique recipe names.
2. Count the number of occurences for each unique recipe name (alphabetically ordered by recipe name).
3. Find the postcode with most delivered recipes.
4. List the recipe names (alphabetically ordered) that contain in their name one of the following words:
    - Potato
    - Veggie
    - Mushroom

Non-functional Requirements
--------

1. The application is packaged with [Docker](https://www.docker.com/). (important)
2. Setup scripts are provided. (important)
3. The submission is provided web `API`. Functional requirements are presented querable endpoints. (important)
4. It should be possible to (implementation is up to you):  
    a. provide a custom fixtures file as input  
    b. provide custom recipe names to search by (functional reqs. 4)  

Expected output
---------------

Generate a JSON file of the following format:

1. 
```json5
    {
        "unique_recipe_count": 15
    }
```
2.
```json5
{
    "count_per_recipe": [
        {
            "recipe": "Mediterranean Baked Veggies",
            "count": 1
        },
        {
            "recipe": "Speedy Steak Fajitas",
            "count": 1
        },
        {
            "recipe": "Tex-Mex Tilapia",
            "count": 3
        }
    ]
}
```
3. 
```json5
    "busiest_postcode": {
        "postcode": "10120",
        "delivery_count": 1000
    }
```
4.
```json5
    "match_by_name": [
        "Mediterranean Baked Veggies", "Speedy Steak Fajitas", "Tex-Mex Tilapia"
    ]
}
```

Review Criteria
---

We expect that the assignment will not take more than 2-3 hours of work. In our judgement we rely on common sense
and do not expect production ready code. We are rather instrested in your problem solving skills and command of the programming language that you chose.

It worth mentioning that we will be testing your submission against different input data sets.

__General criteria from most important to less important__:

1. Functional and non-functional requirements are met.
2. Prefer application efficiency over code organisation complexity.
3. Code is readable and comprehensible. Setup instructions and run instructions are provided.
4. Tests showcased are a plus (_no need to cover everything_).
5. Supporting notes on taken decisions and further clarifications are welcome.
6. Avoid use of web frameworks. 
7. Avoid use of scripting langauges for example JAVASCRIPT.

Commit message:

add readme set up instructions

README.MD, after:

Small Stats API
====

In the given assignment we suggest you to process an automatically generated JSON file with some data and calculated some stats. Please ensure that you read, understand and follow instructions. 

Instructions
-----
1. Folk the this repository.
2. Clone.
3. Create a new branch called `<name>_true_dev`.
4. Create a pull request from your `true_dev` branch to the master branch.
5. Reply to the thread you're having with our HR department telling them we can start reviewing your code


# How to run the project locally without docker.
N.B The code is written using python v3.6 above and doesn't have any external dependencies.

- Clone the project and cd into the root directory.
- Run the  command `python .\main.py` while in the project directory

# How to run the project with docker.
- Clone the project and ` cd into the root directory of the project `.
- Build the docker image ` docker build -t stats_dev_test`.
- Run the build docker image using ` docker run -t stats_dev_test`

# How to run the project test.
- Run the  command `python .\app\file_processor_test.py` while in the project directory.


Given
-----

Json data found in this repo.

Functional Requirements
------

1. Count the number of unique recipe names.
2. Count the number of occurences for each unique recipe name (alphabetically ordered by recipe name).
3. Find the postcode with most delivered recipes.
4. List the recipe names (alphabetically ordered) that contain in their name one of the following words:
    - Potato
    - Veggie
    - Mushroom

Non-functional Requirements
--------

1. The application is packaged with [Docker](https://www.docker.com/). (important)
2. Setup scripts are provided. (important)
3. The submission is provided web `API`. Functional requirements are presented querable endpoints. (important)
4. It should be possible to (implementation is up to you):  
    a. provide a custom fixtures file as input  
    b. provide custom recipe names to search by (functional reqs. 4)  

Expected output
---------------

Generate a JSON file of the following format:

1. 
```json5
    {
        "unique_recipe_count": 15
    }
```
2.
```json5
{
    "count_per_recipe": [
        {
            "recipe": "Mediterranean Baked Veggies",
            "count": 1
        },
        {
            "recipe": "Speedy Steak Fajitas",
            "count": 1
        },
        {
            "recipe": "Tex-Mex Tilapia",
            "count": 3
        }
    ]
}
```
3. 
```json5
    "busiest_postcode": {
        "postcode": "10120",
        "delivery_count": 1000
    }
```
4.
```json5
    "match_by_name": [
        "Mediterranean Baked Veggies", "Speedy Steak Fajitas", "Tex-Mex Tilapia"
    ]
}
```
